fix: typos and stylistic errors (#30)
rowyio/buildship-docs: pages/index.mdx

### Build with JavaScript / TypeScript

Typical low-code, no-code tools use their own complicated formulae process as you start to build anything meaningful.
With BuildShip you can build on javascript/typescript - which has a lot of reference materials. So you will not get
“**stuck**” 😶‍🌫️ in the tool’s features and can build without limits.

### One-of-a-kind development experience

BuildShip provides you with a powerful code editor with autocomplete, localhost-like speedy debugging experience, and a
sandboxing environment. Build serverless scripts fast, right from your browser! ⚡️ Schedule your function calls, save

> data to the database, connect to any API, and use 1M + NPM packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data to the database, connect to any API and use 1M + NPM packages.
```

  that region, which means your data never leaves your region of choice.
- **Security**: Save your API Keys and Secrets on **Google Cloud Secret Manager** of your own single-tenant project, so
  you can be confident that your data is safe.

- **Templates to start fast**: 100s of pre-built integrations, from popular AI models like OpenAI text generation,
  Vector embedding, Sythesia video gen, image gen using Stable Diffusion, or using any AI model on platforms like
  Replicate, Hugging Face, etc., or even the ones that will launch in the future!
- **AI-Generated Nodes**: You are not limited to pre-built nodes or the platform. Start from hundreds of pre-built
  nodes, but if something is missing - don’t wait for BuildShip to release an integration! Simply ask AI and it
  generates a custom workflow node just for you.
- **Custom code**: Readily use any API or 1M+ NPM packages: You can use any NPM package in the workflow node or ask Ask
  AI to use an NPM package and generate a node for you.
- **Code made accessible - anytime you want**: BuildShip is not a black box, you can open the code of any node, and

>   tweak it any way you want. Use powerful developer tools like logging, version control, a code editor equipped with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tweak it anyway you want. Use powerful developer tools like logging, version control, and a code editor equipped with
```

  autocomplete, a lightning-fast debugger similar to localhost, and a secure sandboxing environment.

- **One-click deploy**: When ready, hit “ship” and get your backend workflow deployed instantly!

- **Start fast with templates**: We have templates featuring chatbots, music generators, reverse image search using
  Google Vision API, Vector DB search, HTML to PDF converter, and more!

- **They are the team behind Rowy.io** - A popular low-code tool for managing Firestore data and building low-code style
  on Firebase and Google Cloud. They have a great community already building with low-code and the team has been
  shipping products fast to help and solve products of the low-code community. The team is part of the first batch of
  AIGrant.org which has backed top emerging AI companies and their investors include Vercel CEO, execs from Figma,

>   Google, Github and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Google, Github, and more.
```
